Tutorial 4: Pioneer WEC (#243)
sandialabs/WecOptTool: docs/source/tutorials.rst

    - :doc:`_examples/tutorial_2_AquaHarmonics`: Two part example with a realistic power take-off system and co-design study.
    - :doc:`_examples/tutorial_3_LUPA`: Two part example with multiple bodies, multiple degrees of freedom, irregular waves, a mooring system, and realistic constraints.

The fourth tutorial uses the `Pioneer` WEC model, which includes a unique pitch resonator PTO system. This tutorial illustrates how to use WecOptTool to implement and optimize control strategies for less common PTO archetypes.

>     - :doc:`_examples/tutorial_4_Pioneer`: One part examples with custom PTO physics and modeling both hydrodynamic and non-hydrodynamic degrees of freedom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - :doc:`_examples/tutorial_4_Pioneer`: Example with custom PTO physics and modeling both hydrodynamic and non-hydrodynamic degrees of freedom.
```
